Gui Tian Xia Guan
As you ordered
I have brought Wu Lumao and Miss Lin to you
Watanabe Bureau Sink Dungeon
Greetings to Kameda Taijun
Miss Li's attack
Miss Lin, this is our group of three.
Captain of the Ninja Squad
Shinzaku Kudo
Captain Kudo
Miss Lin doesn't have to be happy
The next issue has a hero
The former queen of the Temple of St. Luo thanks to your heart
All this can have me
The current queen of the Temple of St. Luo is also your king
The next day the officer was right
You are an outside project
Big project
Captain Kudo flattered me
It is my honor to be able to come for Kameda Taikun
Miss Lin has already proven to Chief Kameda
Your loyalty
From today onwards
You will be our closest comrade in arms
I will do my best
I will live up to Kameda Taijun
Trust with Captain Kudo
Li Jing
Master was killed
It's you who's behind the scenes
Certainly.